1. Who developed python Programming Language?
Ans:- It is developed by Guido van Rossum in the late 1980s as a successor to the ABC programming language and first released it in 1991 as Python 0.9.0.
2. Which type of programming does python support?
Ans:- Python supports Object-oriented programming as well as structured programming so that it is called multi-paradigm programming language.
3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans:-Yes,python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers too.
4. What is the correct extension of the Python file ?
Ans:-Python file extensions are .py .pyi
5. Is Python code compiled or iterpreted?
Ans:-Python is an interpreted language.
6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?
Ans:- Indentation is used to define a few blocks of code in Python.
7.State a character is used to give singe line comments in Python?
Ans :- Hash character(#) can be used to give singe line comments in Python.
8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of Python that we are currently working on ?
Ans :- The function sys. version can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on.
9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime,using a construct called ?
Ans :- Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime,using a construct called "lambda" .
10. What does pip stand for Python?
Ans :-pip stand for preferred installer program in Python.
11. Mention a few built-in functions in Python ?
Ans :- print( ),type( ),input( ) etc.
12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python ?
Ans :- Maximum possible length of an identifier in Python is 75.
13. What are the benefits of using Python ?
Ans :- Presence of various modules,Extensive support libraries,Open source,Easy to read, learn and write,High-level language 
14. How is memory managed in Python ?
Ans :-Python uses a part of memory for internal use and non-object memory and another part of the memory is used for Python object such as int, dict, list, etc. 
15. How to install Python on windows and set path variables ?
Ans :- Install python using this link https://www.python.org/downloads/ then look for the location where PYTHON has been installed on your PC using following command on your command prompt: cmd python then go to advanced system settings and add new variable and name it as PYTHON_NAME and paste the copied path.
then look for the path variable, select it's value and select edit add a semicolon towards the end of the value if it's not present and then type %PYTHON_HOME%.
16. Is indentaion required in Python ?
Ans :- The indentation in Python is very important. Python uses indentation to indicate a block of code.
